Okay, so uh, we are working on this uh, account service parent, right? I don't understand why you are not able to, you know, uh, resolve the task. So the thing is, you modified. Uh, TSM YAML, trust store path and trust store password, right? Uh, so my goal is to bring up services with as less changes as possible in config FCM folder using VM options. So I won't, so I can pull changes easily or push changes easily from config FCM. You got it, right? So uh, in the SSL config now, The trust store accepts uh, accepts some path, right? So I kept that secret file in that folder. So we don't need to change that anymore. We just need to update that trust store password, okay? So for any new service, we have to update that trust store password, okay? That's one thing. And what I think is, and uh, for the other uh, JKS files, And my application external file uses, uh, I mean, before migration code uses a lot of JKS files uh, that are like, consolidated into one file and that is now fetching from the CSM, right? We don't have access to CSM in local. So what we should do is, since they are in the application external YAML, don't you think it's easy to create VM options for them since I have the old JKS files already there based on the old path? That is very simple, right? Why can't you understand that simple thing? So what I think is you create one skill with very, very clear instructions, one skill, okay, one skill in this project, that skill, if I give, uh, if I invoke that skill and if I give the service name and if I give the environment, it should, okay, compare, uh, first it should pull the latest main, first it should check if the main is latest or not, if not, it should pull the latest from main. And then we have the branch before migration, right? Feature slash local underscore sai So that branch, right? Now in the skill, mention that branch is before migration. Also, uh, just in case if we lose something, if I delete the branch or something like that, you switch to that branch, get that uh, uh, commit ID so that the skill, if it doesn't detect that branch, it will create that branch using that commit ID by resetting to that commit, you understand, right? So my goal is to have less interventions as possible. So to compare that, and then any external application YAML changes that were there before, and now it is being fetched from CSM or that, anything that changed, our main goal is to use VM options for that, right? And if it is any simple password in CSM YAML or something like that, you just change the file directly, okay? Since the CSM YAML, we cannot uh, pass through the VM options. Do you understand? You dig deeper and I want the best output as possible, okay? You dig deeper, spend uh, whatever you want, but understand my intentions. If you are, if you need any inputs from me, let me know, I'll give you, but my goal is that, okay? So also one more thing, my file system used to work perfectly, meaning the earlier branch before migration, whatever the file paths that are there, all the files are there currently on my system. So that path should work. Okay.
